Luke
2:1   And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from
      Caesar Augustus, that all the world should be taxed.
2:2   (And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.)
2:3   And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city.
2:4   And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into
      Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he
      was of the house and lineage of David:)
2:5   To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child.
2:6   And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished
      that she should be delivered.
2:7   And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling
      clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in
      the inn.
2:8   And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field,
      keeping watch over their flock by night.
2:9   And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord
      shone round about them: and they were sore afraid.
2:10  And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good
      tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people.
2:11  For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is
      Christ the Lord.
2:12  And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in
      swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.
2:13  And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host
      praising God, and saying,
2:14  Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.
2:15  And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from them into heaven,
      the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem,
      and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known
      unto us.
2:16  And they came with haste, and found Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying
      in a manger.
2:17  And when they had seen it, they made known abroad the saying which was
      told them concerning this child.
2:18  And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them
      by the shepherds.
2:19  But Mary kept all these things, and pondered them in her heart.
2:20  And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the
      things that they had heard and seen, as it was told unto them.
