What shall I offer Thee, or what shall I give Thee, O greatly-gifted, immortal King,
O compassionate Lord Who lovest mankind? For though I have been slothful in pleasing Thee,
and have done nothing good, Thou hast led me to the close of this day that is past,
establishing the conversion and salvation of my soul. Be merciful to me a sinner, bereft of
every good deed, raise up my fallen soul which hath become defiled by countless sins, and take
away from me every evil thought of this visible life. Forgive my sins, O Only Sinless One, in
which I have sinned against Thee this day, known or unknown, in word, and deed, and thought,
and in all my senses. Do Thou Thyself protect and guard me from every opposing circumstance,
by Thy Divine authority and power and inexpressible love for mankind. Blot out, O God, blot
out the multitude of my sins. Be pleased, O Lord, to deliver me from the net of the evil one,
and save my passionate soul, and overshadow me with the light of Thy countenance when Thou
shalt come in glory; and cause me, uncondemned now, to sleep a dreamless sleep, and keep Thy
servant untroubled by thoughts, and drive away from me all satanic deeds; and enlighten for me
the eyes of my heart with understanding, lest I sleep unto death. And send me an angel of
peace, a guardian and guide of my soul and body, that he may deliver me from mine enemies;
that, rising from my bed, I may offer Thee prayers of thanks-giving. Yea, O Lord, hearken unto
me, Thy sinful and wretched servant, in confession and conscience; grant me, when I arise, to
be instructed by Thy sayings; and through Thine angels cause demonic despondency to be driven
far from me: that I may bless Thy holy name, and glorify and extol the most pure Theotokos
Mary, whom Thou hast given to us sinners as a protectress, and accept her who prayeth for us.
For I know that she exemplifieth Thy love for mankind and prayeth for us without ceasing.
Through her protection, and the sign of the precious Cross, and for the sake of all Thy
saints, preserve my wretched soul, O Jesus Christ our God: for holy art Thou, and most
glorious for ever. Amen.
